Abstract
    The use of the Automation of abnormal human behavior analysis can be categorized into two classes
        1. Decrease the time of surveillance system which is used to store the activities that happened in the application context.
        2. Automatic summarize content of the objects that is tracking and recognizing
    AND the semantics can extend surveillance systems to perform event-based behavior analysis relevant to the domain.
1. INTRODUCTION
    Three usage of the surveillance systems
    1. Video surveillance acts as a security mechanism
    2. This paper give an surveillance systems to monitor children and old people.
    ---[Liao S-K, Liu B-Y (2010) An edge-based approach to improve optical flow algorithm.]
    3. Pattern analysis where people behavior and shoppers' buying behavior are
    collected and patterns found.
    ---[Leykin A, Tuceryan M (2007) Detecting shopper groups in video sequences.]
    Cameras is the eye of the surveillance system of surveillance system. Camera's placement play a vital role in handling occlusion.
    The basic steps involved in processing a video are
    1）video segmentation,
    2）Motion detection (background modeling, foreground segmentation),
    3）object classification,
    4）motion tracking and finally,
    5）activity recognition
    The five elements is shown in Fig. 1.
    To make a machine to watch videos , the videos should be handled by the
    following steps.
    Firstly, split video into a sequence of images(frames). Secondly, use the motion detecting technique to find the moving objects.
        IN THIS STEP, motion detecting include {
                                                  background modeling,
          (extract background image from a sequence of frames)
                                                  foreground modeling
          (segment out a noisy image with moving objects in it)
                                                  and foreground processing
          (remove noise from the result oft the previous )
                                                  }
    AFTER motion detection, the video handling enter the step of OBJECT CLASSIFICATION
    --(object classification).
    IN THIS SECTION, the blob in the foreground is categorized into object types.
    motion tracking (motion detection & object classification & motion tracking ) produce
    useful results for human behavior analysis.
    The types of behaviors that can be analyzed are represented in
    Fig.2:Categorization of human behaviors.
2. Low-level processing techniques
    This section introduce the techniques that don't require semantics and just
    give the objects in order that next step can use.
    Low-level technique {
                          background modeling,
                          foreground detection,
                          object classification,
                          simple motion tracking
                        }
    2.1 Motion detecting methods
        The methods can only segment out the moving objects from origin images.
        In this part, "the required moving objects" == "foreground";
                      "the unwanted background information" == "background"
        Background Modeling can use techniques {
                    medium complexity techniques: approximate mean & approximate median
                    low complexity techniques: first input image is background
                    another: treat the previous frame as the current image background
                            }
        Foreground Modeling $$$ {
                                background subtraction;
                                temporal differencing;
                                optical flows
                                }
        Background subtraction :
        Most Frequently used:
        1)[Javed O, Shafique K, Shah M (2002) A hierarchical approach to robust background subtraction using color and gradient information.]
        2)[McIvor AM (1999) Background subtraction techniques.]
        3)[Li W, Zhang Z, Liu Z (2010) Action recognition based on a bag of 3D points. ]
        Simple Background Subtraction works for static background.
        Adaptive Background Subtraction use of dynamic background update.
        ADVANTAGEs: robust to changing background & environmental conditions.
        DISADVANTAGEs: consumes much memory for storing intermediate valuse.
        SOLUTIONs: adding scene classification module
        ---[Biologically inspired features for scene classification in video surveillance.]
        Temporal Differencing:
        PRINCIPLE: the pixel-wise difference(逐像素差异) between two or three consecutive image to extract moving objects.
        Most Frequently used:
        [Mahadevan V, Vasconcelos N (2009) Segmentation of motion objects from surveillance video sequences using temporal differencing combined with       multiple correlation.]
        DISADVANTAGEs: It is poor in extracting all relevant pixels.
                       It may be lead the cavities left inside moving entities. (only happen when the object moving slowly or it has uniform textures.)
        SOLUTIONs: adding filtering algorithms.
        ---[Xiaofeng L, Tao Z, Zaiwen L (2010) A novel method on moving-objects detection based on background subtraction and three frames differencing. ] (Three frame differencing image is used instead of using the current frame directly.)
        Optical Flow:
        It depends on the distribution of apparent velocities of movements of brightness patterns in an image and gives information about arrangement of objects viewed.
        Usage: computationally complex for complex dynamic image analysis.
    2.2 Object classification methods
        Object classification can classified and labelled. The accuracy of classification rely on the features that motion detection technique   extracted.
        This section often use advanced Machine Learning algorithm (such as Neural Networks). Objects' feature can be shape, type of motion.
        Templates matching is a frequently method for classification. The objects extracted by the foreground image will be compared with a set of templates and it will be measured by similarity measures. If the template and the object in fore ground match or are similar , the appropriate object type is said to have been found.
        Object classification can be done either after or before background subtraction [Ogale NA (2006) A survey of techniques for human detection from video].
        If we want classify an object directly from the video input, we should use edge detection algorithms to find out the edges of the current frame and then separate the moving part from it through background subtraction.
        Two important categorizations of object classification algorithms are
        {
                  Motion-based classification methods :
                  (needs any motion based parameter---[Yoshimitsu Y, Naito T, Fujimura K, Kamijo S (2010) Behavior understanding at railway station by association of locational semantics and postures. ]);
                  Shape-based classification methods :
                  (uses the features that best represent the object's shape for classification.---[Lao W, Han J, deWith PHN (2010) Flexible human behavior analysis framework for video surveillance applications.])
        }
        Contours Shape is important for classify a human and a non-human. And the Contour Shape Features can be obtained by two ways:
        {
          neighbor masking algorithm
          (used after motion detection.)
          ---[Liao S-K, Liu B-Y (2010) An edge-based approach to improve optical flow algorithm.]
          edge masking algorithm
          (directly from the input frame)
          ---[Tabb K, Davey N, Adams R, George S (2004) Detecting, tracking & classifying human movement using active contour models and neural networks.]
        }

        When choosing shape control points from a contour, normalization can be done. Two ways can improve the system.{
          Normalization
           can scales up the distances as well as the number of contour points. So, this method can adapt itself for grownups as well as children.



        } The choice of a pre-defined number of coordinates results in uniformity of the features. [Rougier C, Meunier J, St-Arnaud A, Rousseau J (2011) Robust video surveillance for fall detection based on human shape deformation.]uses a combination of the two methods mentioned above to get a better result. Here the foreground silhouette is combined with the canny edge image.
   2.3 Motion Tracking Methods
        Motion Tracking is about to find out the temporary consistency of the moving object and to recognize the new object is or not that has been previously seen. It can use  {
                                        region-based method;
                  {
                  considers variation in the image regions corresponding to the moving objects.---[Brox T, Rosenhahn B, Gall J, Cremers D (2010) Combined region and motion-based 3D tracking of rigid and articulated objects.]
                  }
                                        feature-based method;
                  {
                  A feature-based technique extracts features from a person and uses them to track the body parts in the subsequent frames.---[Park S, Aggarwal JK (2004) Semantic-level understanding of human actions and interactions using event hierarchy. ] & [Chen Y-K, Lin Y-T, Kung SY (1996) A feature tracking algorithm using neighborhood relaxation with multi-candidate pre-screening.]
                  }
                                    contour-based method;
                  {
                   tracks only the contour of the object instead of the whole object.
                   ---[Techmer A (2001) Contour-based motion estimation and object tracking for real-time applications.]
                   ---[Lee BH, Choi I, Jeon GJ (2006) Motion-based moving object tracking using an active contour.]
                  }
                                    part-based & shape control based method;
                  {
                  Part based methods
                  detect the salient points from the objects and then decompose object into a combination of salient points(主要点的结合) ---[Chen M (2010) Long term activity analysis in surveillance video archives]
                  }
                  {
                  Shape control based methods that is highly efficient in tracking objects when occluded and tracking when two objects cross each other.
                  -----[Kim T, Lee S, Paik J (2011) Combined shape and feature-based video analysis and its application to non-rigid object tracking.]
                  }
                                    model-based method;
                  {
                  The most common modeling technique used is the stick figure modeling, also known as the skeleton model.---[Lao W, Han J, deWith PHN (2010) Flexible human behavior analysis framework for video surveillance applications.]
                  }
                                    combinations of these methods;
                  {
                  Hybrid tracking method uses a combination of two or more of these techniques.---[Brox T, Rosenhahn B, Gall J, Cremers D (2010) Combined region and motion-based 3D tracking of rigid and articulated objects.]
                  }
              }
        Tracking a particular person from a crowd or tracking a particular vehicle in a highly populated transit scene is difficult since the objects in background are similar to the object being tracked. Unique co-ordinates can be calculated from the contour, and if the number of coordinates drastically increases or decreases, occlusion is predicted.

        A simple motion tracking algorithm tracks the displacement of a human. Trajectories can be calculated from the displacement of the object’s centre of his/her foot ---[Yoshimitsu Y, Naito T, Fujimura K, Kamijo S (2010) Behavior understanding at railway station by association of locational semantics and postures. ]
        Motion tracking in an advanced level {
                            finding out the current pose by body pose modeling,
                            occlusion handling ,
                            estimating the trajectories.
        }
        Applications which require recognition of simple poses, can just estimate the position of head, hands and legs to form a basic skeleton of the human (Lao et al. 2010). 2D modeling (Lao et al. 2010) is sufficient for this method. ---[Lao W, Han J, deWith PHN (2010) Flexible human behavior analysis framework for video surveillance applications.]
        For complex applications, along with head, hands and legs, the joints (like ankles, knees) and neck can be identified. This requires 3D modeling (Brown and Capson 2011) for representation.  ---[Brown JA, Capson DW (2011) A framework for 3D model-based visual tracking using a GPU-accelerated particle filter.]
        For vehicles, the shape of vehicles can be used to handle occlusion. The shape of the vehicle can be used to regenerate (Feris et al. 2011) the missing parts of the vehicle.---[Feris R, Petterson J, Siddiquie B, Brown L, Pankanti S (2011) Large-scale vehicle detection in challenging Urban surveillance environments.]
3. High-level Processing Techniques
        The mainly difference of the low-level and high-level technique is the help of the semantic.
        The high-level techniques which is the last step of the infers annotations from video sequences.
    3.1 Pre-processing
        Pre-processing needs to avoid the false recognition of activities and detect correctly.  In phases like object classification, pose recognition and activity recognition, semantics are used to increase accuracy and predict activities that may happen in future ,in phases like {
                object classification,
                pose recognition
                and activity recognition,
        }.
        Semantics can be included even at the tracking phase by including occlusion handling module and body part modeling relevant to the domain.
    3.2 Human behavior recognition and analysis.
        Actions may be POSEs or EVENTs.
        The categorization of the activities list:
        The simplest classification is normal & abnormal ---[Kiryati N, Riklin TR, Ivanchenko Y, Rochel S (2008) Real-time abnormal motion detection in surveillance video. ]
        normal & unusual & abnormal ---[Foroughi H, Yazdi HS, Pourreza H, Javidi M (2008) An eigenspace-based approach for human fall detection using integrated time motion image and multi-class support vector machine.]
        positive & neutral & negative activities ---[Park S, Aggarwal JK (2004) Semantic-level understanding of human actions and interactions using event hierarchy.]
        symmetric & asymmetric activities ---[Lin W, Sun M-T, Poovendran R, Zhang Z (2010) Group event detection with a varying number of group members for video surveillance.]
        recognizes three person activity by analysing two person activities.---[Lao W, Han J, deWith PHN (2010) Flexible human behavior analysis framework for video surveillance applications.]
        Pose + less Semantics == event
        Events + Spatio-Tempoeral constraints == Complex events
        Complex events +Semantics Descriptions == Activity
        Pose : the basic action can be directly identified . After modeling the body parts, poses can be estimated with lesser semantics. The methods of the semantics can use classifier or by simple rule based methodology.
        Example1 :  the coordinates of the body parts or the generated skeleton is given as input to a classifier and then the poses are classified into sit, stand, lie, squat and relax.
        ---[Lao W, Han J, deWith PHN (2010) Flexible human behavior analysis framework for video surveillance applications.]
        Example2 :  draw a bounding rectangle around the object for which the pose must be identified.  From the bounding box, the height and width of the object can be calculated and ratio between them is compared with a range of threshold values to find out the exact pose.[Lao W, Han J, deWith PHN (2010) Flexible human behavior analysis framework for video surveillance applications.]
        Contour or convex hull of the object can be used, to get a precise pose and instead of using the bounding box to find the ratio.
        [Foroughi H, Yazdi HS, Pourreza H, Javidi M (2008) An eigenspace-based approach for human fall detection using integrated time motion image and multi-class support vector machine. ] use an approximated ellipse of the person.
        [Park S, Aggarwal JK (2004) Semantic-level understanding of human actions and interactions using event hierarchy. ]body parts are first detected and then ellipses are constructed for each and every body part separately. Finally three convex hulls---(http://baike.baidu.com/link?url=fld41TeY99xplhfXEshHoXwWCM3NlcprKrzEPqunp1iu2MVwBHEeUUvfbcHgQ6-AkDPnuze-af_sL1iFCKYIqvtW9T1W3AaegKQ0RO-NOb6CWNy8mWTQ8-fBNLd0wDrsUaak1LVA73SP5mr_clikJ_) (head, body and legs) are formed for a single person.
        Events:
          can be identified from the basic pose are stand, walk and run.Speed is
        Example of this. If a person is constant, he might is standing .So as walking and running, they are considerable of Speed.
        Complex events:
        are identified from poses using spatio-temporal constraints.---[Bremond F, Thonnat M, Zuniga M (2005) Video understanding framework for automatic behavior recognition.]
        Spatial constraints is the distance between objects and objects' location.
        Temporal constraints deal with the duration of /between actions.
        Activity prediction:
        is done using a classifier with the help of semantic descriptions. (After the poses and events are found.) Semantics give meaning to the actions. The preceding actions and current action can be correlated to obtain a result.
        EXAMPLEs:
         Different aspects of an activity (Huang 2011) can be used through an ADD/OR tree method to predict the activity. To predict the activity of a single person, Liao et al. (2010) uses information such as gaze direction, spatio-temporal activity of a person and then extracts his/her behavior from the video.
        3D points:
         Instead of using 2D silhouettes for activity recognition, Li et al. (2010) has used 3D points. The comparative results show that activity recognition with 3D points give better prediction results. A homography mapping technique (Lao et al. 2010) is used for mapping the locations of all the landmarks in the area under surveillance. Similarly, in Yoshimitsu et al. (2010) loca- tion maps are used for representing the floor, fence, wall, obstacle and gate. Such methods must be used for scenes with absolutely static backgrounds.

      AND for chapter 3 ,there are some tables is very important for processing research .If someday I want to overview this Paper , the tables must be red.
  4: Challenges in human behavior analysis.

      • Cavities:
            Acquiring the foreground without any cavities [Huang S-C (2011) An advanced motion detection algorithm with video quality analysis for video surveillance systems.] is a challenging task during the foreground segmentation phase.
      • Human body modeling:
            Similarly, modeling human body parts [Lao W, Han J, deWith PHN (2010) Flexible human behavior analysis framework for video surveillance applications.] help in tracking the human motion in successive frames. Incorrect identification of body part modeling will result in faulty pose prediction.
      • Handling occlusions:
            Occlusion handling [Brox T, Rosenhahn B, Gall J, Cremers D (2010) Combined region and motion-based 3D tracking of rigid and articulated objects.], must be done to track through people even when they cross each other, or when a person disappears from frame and reappears after a few seconds.
      • Scene classification:
            In the activity recognition phase for an environment with dynamic backgrounds, a better understanding of the background scene [Huang K, Tao D, Yuan Y, Li X, Tan T (2011) Biologically inspired features for scene classification in video surveillance.] will be useful. Even if the background scene is static, automatic background classification (example, indoor/outdoor) will make the system generic.
      • Person identification:
            Recognizing a previously seen person correctly when he/she reenters the scene, instead of treating him/her as a new person is also important.
      • Techniques for activity perception:
            Temporal segmentation, semantic descriptions for multiple people interaction patterns is to be considered during the activity perception stage.
      • Cameras revisited:
            Usage of a single camera is simple, but has drawbacks of occlusions due to the restricted view of a single camera. Multiple camera usage eliminates such a drawback, but has its own defects. Apart from the algorithms and techniques used for behavior analysis, the usage of appropriate type of cameras for applications and the number of cameras used also has an impact on the efficiency of the work.
      • Modeling scenes:
            Most of the systems model the scenes in 3D. The 2D images captured from a single camera will be mapped to a 3D world for better visualization and for later analysis. Recently, multiple cameras ([] Gandhi and Trivedi 2006) are used for tracking the same object from different perspectives. For a method which uses multiple cameras, a reference point is needed in the scene, so that the different views can be correlated with respect to a common point.
      • Standardization:
            There is no uniform standard for defining the human poses. The presence of such a standard would make the result comparisons easy and help in the uniformity of poses and semantic descriptions.
      • Domain specificity:
            The background methodologies and the types of actions recognized make the works more domains specific. Domain specificity can be due to the following factors,
              • Using ground measurements (Lao et al. 2010)
              • Using landmarks for combining views of multiple cameras
              • Requirement of detecting domain specific activities

      A background subtraction method which can handle all the issues like environmental changes in outdoor, indoor illumination changes will become more complex and can impact the performance of the system. A few combinations of these issues can be used by predict- ing the possibilities of environmental changes that could happen in the area under video surveillance. Thus domain specificity will lead to system accuracy for the required purpose.
      Each stage is interdependent. Handling all these challenges result in added complex- ity. Some of these challenges that fall under the ‘low-level technique’ category have already researched well. There are still a lot of unhandled areas that involve semantics. Usage of stan- dardized and fine-tuned semantics will lead to better performance and system understanding.
5. Conclusions
      Recognizing the background scene as indoor and outdoor is not sufficient,
 it can be extended upon by further scene classification during pre-processing. Motion detection and tracking methodologies can be significantly enhanced using temporal segmentation and semantic descriptions. The classifier chosen for activity recognition has impact on the type of activity predicted. Most of the algorithms do not efficiently handle multiple object interaction recognition.Most of the algorithms do not efficiently handle multiple object interaction recognition. There is active research in progress in this area, with the increasing need for methods to find out the interaction between groups of individuals.
      Activity recognition is currently done for events which take place
 continuously; it can be extended to discrete event recognition methods. There can be two different scenarios with respect to discrete activities, with two persons far away from each other but involved in an activity (e.g. waving to each other) and the other one being, a single person performing the same activity repeatedly with pauses. Semantic descriptions play a vital role in finding the type of activity.
      One of the areas which need further concentration is defining a
 standardized format for semantic descriptions of different activities.
      The methodologies in this survey are mainly classified with respect to
 semantics involved, thus dividing the whole process into high level and low level. This survey reviewed a few algorithms in the domain of Human behaviour analysis including both the low-level and high-level techniques in order to get a better understanding of the state of art techniques.
